Migrate to MapLibre documentation (#407)
urbica/martin: README.md

});
```

## Using with Mapbox

> [Mapbox GL JS](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js) is a proprietary JS and native libraries for interactive, customizable vector maps on the web. The MapBox GL JS v1.x was open source, and it was forked as MapLibre (see [above](#using-with-maplibre)), so using Martin with MapBox is similar to MapLibre.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Mapbox GL JS](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js) is a JavaScript library for interactive, customizable vector maps on the web. Mapbox GL JS v1.x was open source, and it was forked as MapLibre (see [above](#using-with-maplibre)), so using Martin with Mapbox is similar to MapLibre. Mapbox GL JS can accept [MVT vector tiles](https://github.com/mapbox/vector-tile-spec) generated by Martin, and applies [a style](https://docs.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/) to them to draw a map using Web GL.
```
